1. how to trigger the event
        The event is triggered by a mouse click in the virtual world. 

2. what should happen when the event is triggered
        When the event is triggered, the background tiles in a 1 tile radius 
	away from the mouse click turn into wyverns. However, if there are any ore blobs 
	that are in a 2 tile radius away from the mouse click in any direction, they will 
	transform into a new entity which is explained in the following question. 

3. what the affected entities should do
        The entities that are affected by the event are the ore blobs. If they are in the 
	set radius of 2 tiles away in any direction from the mouse click, they will transform 
	into red eyeballs with veins. In terms of their role, they seek and destroy “normal” 
	eyeballs in its proximity one after another. The speed at which it travels is relatively 
	slow for entertainment purposes.

4. what the new entity is and how it should behave
	The new entity is an eyeball which was created from scratch. Upon (each and every) mouseclick, 
	it will appear. In terms of behavior, it will try to seek and destroy a blacksmith (blacksmith disappears) 
	in its proximity one after another. While it is moving from the point of the mouse click to the blacksmith,
	the eye should be looking around in a counterclockwise fashion. The speed at which it travels is overall quick. 

5. (if applicable) the names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for
Harumi 
* Drew out and created both the transformed entity (red eyeball) and the completely new entity (eyeball) 
  using photo editing software. I made multiple bmp files to make it look as if both of these were animating.  
* Programmed the functionality for the interpretation of the mouse click and background tiles in the set 
  radius from the mouse click, 1 tile in any direction, to change.
* Developed the code for the behavior/action and appearance of the new entity (eyeball) based on the mouse click. 


Rachel
* Planned out the logic for new entity and effect when restarting our code
* Worked to create the red eyeball class and troubleshoot ways to integrate both the eyeball and red eyeball class into the program. 
* Refactored the code for the transform method for red eyeball and implement the transformation into Virtual World